Display acl and selinux data (#639)
Peltoche/lsd: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Add support for `--no-sort` `-U` from [MichaelAug](https://github.com/MichaelAug)
- Add `--group-directories-first` as an alias for `--group-dirs=first` to improve compatibility with `coreutils/ls`

> - Display MAC and ACL indicators
> - Display MAC labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display MAC and ACL indicators from [mmatous](https://github.com/mmatous)
```

Author: To me + and . are indicators, whatever -Z prints is a context. Changing to 

> Display MAC contexts and MAC and ACL indicators from [mmatous](https://github.com/mmatous)
